Danny Vill: a peaceful town.

user wakes up and is in his house

he can read the paper
this will tell him about the corporations plan to demolish a local neighborhood
his neighborhood
----------------
go back to bed
time waste

or leave the house to buy stuff for breakfast
\/\/\/\/
--------
once he leaves the house he goes to the store to get some groceries
when he arrives he has the options of buying locally made cereal this
could create a time waste option later for eating breakfast and also
act as piece of evidence that proves the coorperation is a problem

the other options could be to buy some eggs and milk.
this action has no ill or positive affects just adds milk and eggs to inventory
------------------------
the user will then have the option to talk back to the shop keeper after
the shop keeper rings you through the till. He asks you if you have heard about what the cooperation
has been doing.
if you select no he tells you about it and you will learn about what he thinks is going on.
if you select yes you leave with out any further reply
----------------------------
you then go home
//there can be other options here if needed
when back home you can watch television now
play video games
eat lunch
or go to sleep which triggers the next day
----------------------------------------------
day 2 you can
-
// like i said options can change
read paper, this will tell you about the advancing plot
in this case that the cooperation has a new waste management procedure
--------
take camera
eat breakfast
leave house, go to the beach
read a book


when you get to the beach you see the water is a coppery orange
a man fiddling with something on the ground.
you also see some fish that have washed up.

your options are to
-
talk to Hippy
tells you about how the cooperation is polluting the water supply

talk to the dead fish
this does nothing

look at dead fish
this will say that the fish is mutated and it has 2 heads.
if you have the camera then you can take a picture of it which will add 1 more item to evidence

you leave the lake after spending some time walking around the lake contemplating what has happened.

you get home and decide its time for bed
---------------------------
day 3
-
the newspaper isn't printed on Tuesday
you can waste time such as

video games

sleep

read


or go for a jog
if you go for a jog first you will literally run into a child who you recognize, he is your cousin.
he tells you that some kids were freaked out because Mr.paranoia's planning to steal something from the cooperate building

after your jog you go back to your house


you can now use the phone regardless of what you did as a first action. also not done options appear here
if you use the phone you can call:
Mr.Paranoia

mother
answering machine

Hippy
rambles about the environment
//other people?


after you use the phone the day is over and you sleep.
----------------------------------------
day 4

this day you can

read newspaper
tells you that the cooperation is 100% going to be demolishing your neighborhood
you finally get fed up and have the option

play video games
nothing


go to beach
you meet the Hippy and he tells you that Mr.Paranoia is going to steal the documents
from here the game makes you go to the cooperation building to go after Mr.Paranoia.
he is being arrested

go to Mr.Paranoia shop,
he isn't there, you go back home

to visit the cooperate building
if you ran into the child or talked to Mr.Paranoia on the phone before you go into the building you see him hiding in the bushes.
he asks you if you want to help him steal the documents.

if yes then you help him
//description thing


if no then you go in to complain and then get kicked out
Mr.Paranoia also gets caught and sent to jail.

you go home and go to bed




------------------------------------------------------------
day5

you wake up

newspaper:
tells you that the Danny Vill vs cooperation trial will be happening soon
days and that things don't look up for Danny Vill

go outside
if you read the paper you can go outside and get signatures to stop the demolition of your neighborhood

play video games
this also could still allow you to go outside but if you go out side after this then
you go to late and don't find anyone to sign because they are at work

after you have go outside then you have the phone call option again.
if Mr.Paranoia is in jail you can call him.
its a lax jail

you can call your mom and she expresses concern about your situation.

your phone is cut off phone a construction worker comes by and tells you need to
pack up because the area is going to be demolished soon.

can try to convince the construction worker that what he is doing is not legal.

say: its the moral thing to do
say: ill be homeless
say: are you sure you have the signed authorization from everyone in the area to tear down there houses?

if you say option c then the construction worker says he will help you in court if you decide to go.


at this point the day is over and you go to sleep
------------------------------------------------------

you wake up and the court case is happening, you go and present your evidence

the local cereal, Dannywheats

the picture of the fish

the documents that prove how much environmental damage will be  done

the signatures

the construction worker/ lack of papers to tear down houses











